# Midweek Project
Analyze Car Price dataset to model the multi-linear regression algorithm and predict the prices of the car. We were given the dataset which had many car features listed in it. Initially there were total of 205 observations and 26 variables out of which 8 were numeric, 18 were categorical (10 object and 8 float). There are no missing values in the dataset to be treated, hence the data can be considered as clean and ready to be used for modelling. However, later in our analysis we determined that some variables were not contributing much towards the objective of the model hence were dropped. Also, we converted the categorical variables level with the continuous label values.

# Final Project
Objective of the exercise is to predict the Car features which can contribute to the higher mileage and fuel cost-effective vehicle. We will be creating several graphs for fitting the regression model and find the distribution of several features data points. We will depict the results of mean squared error to predict the model accuracy and later present the best fit model with significant factors or features which enhances the miles per gallon of the automobile. In this model we will be using multiple or multivariate linear regression technique. Our target or the independent variable is “MPG”, and we will determine our most significant independent variables during the modeling stage. This will help us interpreting the current dataset but also enable us to predict the unknown datapoints of future.
